c:\users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\bin\GoalTracker.dll.config
c:\users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\bin\GoalTracker.dll
c:\users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\bin\GoalTracker.pdb
c:\users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\obj\Debug\GoalTracker.dll
c:\users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\obj\Debug\GoalTracker.pdb
C:\Users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\mattc_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GoalTracker\GoalTracker\obj\Debug\GoalTracker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
